{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12020\viewh13720\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Section IX and Appendix F: weak link\
\
 	(a) Does my calculation of epsilon_s make sense (Appendix F, subsection 1)? \
\
	(b) Why does the electrostatic result disagree with the continuum limit expression (36)? Numerical solution of (36) gives a precise good result. The electrostatic picture is not too far off, but still not as good.\
\
	(c) Removing the ground state from the calculation of the potential does not leave me with a \'93flat\'94 potential in the continuum, rather with a shallow well. This is probably the reason for (b). This means that the quasi continuum is somehow deformed. The defect removes the degeneracy.\
\
	(d) Equation F35 gives the s dependent \'93mobility edge\'94, I think this is important and should somehow be included in the text. \
\
	(e) How much of Appendix F necessary? I think that \'93proof the gap is finite\'94 can be excluded\
\
\
2. Appendix E: Clean ring\
\
	Continuuous or discrete? What is the point of this appendix?\
\
3. Appendix G: Added derivation of s_c for field defect\
\
4. Appendix H: Sparse disorder was treated in the main text. \
\
5. Appendix I: Ring with white disorder (\'93french\'94) - Is it necessary?\
\
\
6. Appendix J: Step by step electrostatics\
\
	(a) Uniform charge? We never encounter this. \
\
	(b) How do you prove the potential of a continuum is flat? Does the fact that each energy is doubly degenerate play a role? \
}